We have a bag And it's that Raquel Bollo
has spoken out I await the comment
Because besides she doesn't work for the
production company that you work for María
Patiño you have to sell her your opinion
I like things to be said
upfront I want gossip I want some action a
little bit it's street Of course by the way
we send a huge hug to Karim Méndez
from here who won't be watching but we
send it to him Likewise all the love
in the world and I saw it recorded later and I was
listening to what you told me Let's
see of course we were talking to
pick up the conversation a little bit where we
left off yesterday if you don't mind yes it was me I
was commenting on the whole Amador issue
and all this stuff no that they have their
lights and shadows And then you
told me that there is a person in the
family that you put your hand in
the fire for and that you know that she doesn't lie And
also you have a special affection for her who
was Rosario
yes And then when I listened to the extract
this morning I saw that you told me How she has
always remained in her place
despite having had the opportunity since
negotiating to drop that lawsuit and all that  It's
funny to me when
people say they sold their honor for
180,000 euros for 200,000 euros for whatever reason,
people are very
honest, people know the honor of
others, they put the price they want
when things are not theirs, no and that
's how I allow it, it's a parenthesis
Javier of course
Although we discussed it in September
because I'm not authorized to comment on it,
now there have
been many people, a lot,
especially on the networks who have signed that
a trial was not held on June 13,
that there was no trial, so let's say there
were two arguments, first there was no
trial and second there was an
out-of-court settlement.
Well, I'm going to show you in
September that there was a trial,
that there is a sentence
that declares the proven facts,
about which I will announce it to you, I will
comment on it much more slowly in
September
the television factory has requested a
rectification
because
the ruling of that sentence
affects them in a way
[Music] it
has fallen on Francisco
then, I mean, you tell us that there are people, of
course, I didn't have that. Of course because it
is true that people say No
but there has been no trial But it has been a pact but it makes an agreement and of course I was not clear on how to explain it to the people Francisco because I know that they came into the room in fact the people who were there came commented on it and on other channels there were also people who
reported that I am going to be the fins I know that they
entered the room and that there was something
but I did not know what to call it
then we talked about that there was a trial
and a sentence well you will have it in your
hand in a few within a few
days
in your hand and you and I say that I this
is like when someone says
Madrid 02 won and there was no match
sorry
yes there were people who were cheering no they have not
recognized the crime and it is like let's
see let's see Well,
I need them to come to recognize
a crime that has been committed in public
in a flagrant manner I mean no but listen
Javier you are going to read it but not
because I tell you so the judge
in charge of the player of penalty number 30
of Madrid says
So I want to tell you that you do not have to
trust my word he
is paying another money he is
accepting the crime  no I mean but that is
what he is accepting because
and the proven facts Javier is that there have
been people who I have said there has been no
trial that has been a farce
they have reached an out-of-court settlement and
Well I tell you that as I
already said on June 13 and 14 and
15 and after that I already removed myself from Twitter and
all the applications because it was
unbearable
that if there has been no trial how is it
possible that there is a sentence
And if there is a sentence that in addition
the gentlemen of the television factory
ask
the judge for clarification and rectification
because they understand that
proven facts are being reported that
logically harm them for
other procedures.
Explain it to me, explain it to me. It
is that they even told me
live on a channel
in which I collaborate and the one that I have been
intervening on for many months, they even
told me live that
an out-of-court settlement had been reached and that
no trial had been held.
They told me this live But
when they told me I already had the
sentence
because  the sentences of the same day, June 13th,
well,
first of all, it seems to me that talking about an
agreement with our judicial system when they
spent practically a month
trying to get it signed before June 13th, I
've already told you this, that is to say,
on June 12th, Andrés
Fernández was summoned to an office at 11 in the
morning to sign the agreement and
Andrés Fernández did not go, I
repeat, 24 hours before the trial
when we talk about agreements after the
courtroom. I
understand with all honesty and I
also say this
without the intention of establishing
jurisprudence or establishing
evaluation criteria but simply, in my
opinion, an agreement that is reached
in a courtroom in a courtroom before a judge, in
this case a judge before a prosecutor. It is true
that it is previously agreed upon with the lawyers
of the parties, but it is formalized,
let's say,
in a
previously convened room, previously
summoned. Well, call it what you want. I do
n't with the words either. I'm not going to
be very, I'm
not going to be very demanding
and we also talked a little because of
course I was questioning some
things on Amador's part. Yes
[Music]